When I started my career, then I was an E3, which is the third rank that
you can be in the hierarchy. Not a lot was expected of me. I get
to work, they say, "Go fix this pump", "Go work with that guy" and then
at the end of the work day, around like four or five o'clock, then,
probably not much was really expected of me. They'd say, you know,
"Just go to your bed" or "We'll see you later". It depends on whether
you're on deployment or whether you're stationed at home but you
might have to work, maybe one or two hours extra every other day.
However, as I progressed, when I became an E6, which is a first class
or a Chief which is an E7, then, after that normal work day of telling
people what to do, you know, you're there the same exact time as
they are, you have to do, like, the follow up at the end. So, for
instance, they get done at the end of the day. So, now that you have
that information, while they get to go home or they get to, like, you
know, have that downtime, you have to go report that to other people.
You have to do the paperwork that other people are requiring. So,
you have to wait till the normal work is done and then you have to
add on the supervisory specialization that you have to give at the
very very end. So, you work more as you get higher in the rank.